Python was invented in 1991 by Dutch mathematician Guido van Rothom.
The name Python means a snake in Greek mythology.
Simple grammar is easy for beginners to understand and can be used in a variety of fields.
Python is known to be the most widely used.
It is easy to learn and can use many libraries.
It is simple to learn and can be used in various fields, including the commercial system.
A rich library is the advantage of Python.
Libraries work the same way on different platforms.
There's a page on Python site that introduces you to the library.
Python is an object-oriented language, but it can also be used as a procedure.
Python is distinguished by entering phrases such as functions, definitions, and IF statements.
Program filenames use only English, numbers, and symbols.
Do not start with a blank space at the beginning.
Use # to annotate and annotate # to the next line and not interpret it as a program.
Python is capable of GUI programming.
Python is also highly utilized in the Internet of Things (IOT).
Python is free software.
Python is a scripted language.
Execute source code as it is without compilation and use repeatable objects.
Python is easier and simpler in grammar than in other languages.
Compared to other languages, it is highly productive and can be implemented quickly.
Source code is very intuitive.
It's easy to read and write.
It can express blocks by importing.
The source code is very short and can shorten development time.
The name of 'Python is from the comedy <Monty's Flying Circus>.
Web page development is also possible with Python.
Debugging is convenient.
The grammar is concise, but object-oriented.
It is possible to connect with C.
It is good for use in the development of algorithms.
It helps with hacking.
Easier to access programming.
Python's name space only exists for global and local variables.
local variables exist at the function level.
Variables made with local variables are valid only within those variables.
There is no concept of "college" in Python.
If possible, do not change the value of the global variable within the function.
It is recommended that the function only change the value of the range within the function.
The object is Python's abstract of the data.
"Life is short, You need Python."
In fact, people use Python a lot as an introductory class in computer programming.
Beautiful is better than ugly.
Python does not have a primitive type.
Everything is treated as an object. 
Constants are also considered stored objects.
Python provides a powerful function called repeatable objects.
Grammar itself is written down.
Be careful when you put the for, if, and else in parentheses.
The range in Python 2 and 3 has a different return format.